docs: add inherit to language overview (#10194)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/index.md

  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>

   `inherit pkgs src;`

  </td>
  <td>

   Adds the variables to the current set (attrset or `let`). Desugars to `pkgs = pkgs; src = src;`

  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>

   `inherit (pkgs) lib stdenv;`

  </td>
  <td>

>    Adds the attributes, from the variable in the brackets, to the current set (attrset or `let`). Desugars to `lib = pkgs.lib; stdenv = pkgs.stdenv;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Adds the attributes, from the attribute set in parentheses, to the current scope (attribute set or `let` binding).
   Desugars to `lib = pkgs.lib; stdenv = pkgs.stdenv;`
```
